Rename history event notes fields in the api (#9701)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

   :resjson string event_type: Common key. The type of the event. Valid values are retrieved from the backend.
   :resjson string event_subtype: Common key. The subtype of the event. Valid values are retrieved from the backend.
   :resjson string location_label: Common key. The location_label of the event. This means different things depending on event category. For evm events it's the initiating address. For withdrawal events the recipient address. For block production events the fee recipient.

>    :resjson string user_notes: Common key. Custom notes for the event set by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :resjson string user_notes: Common key. Custom notes for the event set by the user. Can be missing.
```

>    :resjson string auto_notes: Common key. Autogenerated string description of the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :resjson string auto_notes: Common key. Autogenerated string description of the event. Can be missing.
```

         :reqjson string event_type: The main event type of the entry. Possible event types can be seen in the `HistoryEventType enum <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/59aa288dacd1776e62682e711a916f32a14c04c2/rotkehlchen/accounting/structures/types.py#L54>`_.
         :reqjson string event_subtype: The subtype for the entry. Possible event types can be seen in the `HistoryEventSubType enum <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/59aa288dacd1776e62682e711a916f32a14c04c2/rotkehlchen/accounting/structures/types.py#L72>`_.
         :reqjson string[optional] location_label: location_label is a string field that allows to provide more information about the location. For example when we use this structure in blockchains can be used to specify the source address.

>          :reqjson string[optional] user_notes: This is a description of the event entry in plain text explaining what is being done. This is supposed to be shown to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         :reqjson string[optional] user_notes: This is the user editable part of the description of the event entry in plain text explaining what is being done.
```

         :reqjson string event_type: The main event type of the entry. Possible event types can be seen in the `HistoryEventType enum <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/59aa288dacd1776e62682e711a916f32a14c04c2/rotkehlchen/accounting/structures/types.py#L54>`_.
         :reqjson string event_subtype: The subtype for the entry. Possible event types can be seen in the `HistoryEventSubType enum <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/59aa288dacd1776e62682e711a916f32a14c04c2/rotkehlchen/accounting/structures/types.py#L72>`_.
         :reqjson string[optional] location_label: location_label is a string field that allows to provide more information about the location. For example when we use this structure in blockchains can be used to specify the source address.

>          :reqjson string[optional] user_notes: This is a description of the event entry in plain text explaining what is being done. This is supposed to be shown to the user.

Reviewer: same as above
